I have the opportunity to
interview President bring up so
the interview President Jimmy
Carter first of all hot i turned
18 and then a month later I
voted for him so even my first
president that I ever voted for
so that had a little special
personal meaning to me that I
could meet him but this is
Startalk I'm not gonna ask him
well what do you think about the
developments in the Middle East
that's what anyone else would
ask about that now i'm not i'm
not going there
no no no starter is different
this is jimmy carter I'm a
scientist I'm asking i'm going
to i would double check on how
his geek credentials are coming
along alright i said let's go
back in time how much of a geek
were you as a kid while he was
up on a farm and all this peanut
farming it's all real
but he went to the Navy he
learned nuclear physics and he
taught astrophysics when he got
two Navy shipman when he got out
he was he's been interested in
the universe from early on even
interested in technologies and
in science and this is
influenced his life not only as
a private citizen but as a
public figure and of course he's
very big on humanitarian causes
as are so many people
celebrities and the like
what's different about him
because he has the science
analytic wiring of his brain he
approaches the problem
differently
he's not just trying to fix this
problem i need metrics measure
my success here are my goals
make this number mats that
number by that time otherwise i
have failed
he's thinking about the world
quantitatively and thinking
about solutions scientifically
this is what in part in my
judgment has made him such a
potent humanitarian it's not
just I'm here fix it is lettuce
design a plan that and will
enable us to show people what
got fixed and how well we fixed